Update melange-for-x-developers.md (#109)
melange-re/melange-re.github.io: docs/melange-for-x-developers.md

  [ReactJS](https://github.com/reasonml/reason-react/) or GraphQL clients.
- The generated JavaScript bundles are generally smaller.
- The generated JavaScript code is generally more readable.

> - Melange can generate ES6 or commonjs while jsoo generates an IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression) (as of Sep 2023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Melange can generate ES6 or commonjs while Js\_of\_ocaml generates an IIFE (Immediately Invoked Function Expression) (as of Sep 2023)
```
